Interesting.
But what if I don't want this repetition.
What if everything that I'm seeing with background repeat I don't like it.
So I would want some kind of property that would fix the fact that repetition is happening now again
in order to make this ah you know what.
I think this is gonna be fine for now.
I can just leave them doesn't cover too much of my space.
I'm going to have to add only two properties anyway.
But what's happening is we can use the background size property for us now for the background size we're
going to look at the few options few values on the floor first one the most important one is going to
be background size and then we're looking for the value of cover.
Now what cover is gonna do is regardless of the size of the day of the background image is always gonna
feel up to Dave.
Now it's also gonna do the same thing even though the image is really small.
Now you know what actually we're going to delete it.
My apologies.
Let's do it like this.
Let's say background and just to prove my point size is gonna be cover.
Now what's gonna happen is like I said I believe in the first video that the actual quality of the image
is gonna suffer dramatically.
See this.
We have the first image nicely covers everything as well as the second image nicely covers everything.
Now I'm not going to make this one smaller bigger we might as well go to the bigger browser window and
you'll see the same thing.
Now we have the first one that the image is cleanly covers everything and then the second one which
is really distorted because we have picked this small image.
Now the property did its job.
It did cover everything.
However this is where you need to be careful we're not speaking to the image of the small.
Now we also have an option of contained.
So here let's write.
Background.
Again we had size Magnum size.
Let's say that this is going to be cover now with the arms or not cover contain with the contain.
There is gonna be an image.
However if there is not enough space.
So this is gonna keep the ratio of the image.
But if there is not enough space again there's gonna be repetition.
Don't believe me.
That's right.
Background back on ground background repeat.
And let's go with no repeat and you'll see that only one image is able to fit there.
While we are still keeping our here this ratio so that's gonna be the difference between two of them.
And again in my most cases especially in the beginning I believe you're gonna be using this cover in
order to nice make nice headers or banners or some kind of parallax effect you're just gonna pick a
nice image you're going to set the background size to the cover.
So this is always gonna cover and then you're gonna be good to go.